Reworks VaRA documentation (#254)
se-passau/VaRA-Tool-Suite: docs/source/vara-ts/benchbuild.rst

  benchbuild -vv run -E GenerateBlameReport gzip

The generated result files are place in the ``vara/results/$PROJECT_NAME`` folder and can be further visualized with VaRA-TS graph generators.

How-to configure BenchBuild yourself
------------------------------------

> BenchBuilds configuration file ``.benchbuild.yml`` normaly is placed inside the `benchbuild` folder, which is located in the vara root folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BenchBuild's configuration file ``.benchbuild.yml`` normally is placed inside the `benchbuild` folder, which is located in the vara root folder.
```

> BenchBuild's configuration file ``.benchbuild.yml`` normally is placed inside the `benchbuild` folder, which is located in the vara root folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BenchBuild's configuration file ``.benchbuild.yml`` normally is placed inside the ``benchbuild`` folder, which is located in the vara root folder.
```

A default version of this file can be automatically generated with our tool :ref:`vara-gen-bbconfig`.

> To adapt and tune BenchBuild further a lot of different configuration flags can be adapted, the following list shows the most important ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adapt and tune BenchBuild further a lot of different configuration flags can be adapted. The following list shows the most important ones:
```

> To adapt and tune BenchBuild further a lot of different configuration flags can be adapted. The following list shows the most important ones:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To adapt and tune BenchBuild further, you can moify the different configuration flags in this config file. The following list shows the most important ones:
```

* Adding extra paths to the environment

.. code-block:: yaml

  env:
    path:
      value: ["paths from your system that should be included in the PATH variable for experiments"]

> * Loading other experiments or projects can be specifying similar to python imports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Loading other experiments or projects can be specified similar to python imports
```

> * Loading other experiments or projects can be specified similar to python imports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Other experiments or projects can be loaded similar to python imports
```

.. code-block:: yaml

  plugins:
  experiments:
    default:
      - varats.vara-experiments.CommitAnnotationReport
      - varats.vara-experiments.RegionAnalyser
  projects:
    default:
      - varats.vara-projects.git.gzip
      - pythonmodule.projectclass

* Enable/Disable BenchBuild version support, i.e., let BB consider all revisions from a project or just the latest one.

.. code-block:: yaml

  versions:
    full:
      default: false
      desc: Ignore default sampling and provide full version exploration.
      value: true

> * Adapt the number of threads that should be for running project compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adapt the number of threads that should be running for project compilation.
```

> * Adapt the number of threads that should be running for project compilation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adapt the number of threads that should be used for project compilation.
```
